uh well let's cross live now and speak
to our guest on this and that is Leo
cans who is an aid worker uh the head of
mission excuse me for Palestine for
Doctors Without Borders uh let me ask
you first of all for your reaction to
what has
happened we are horrified but what
happened first of all I want to to
present the condolences for the family
of the victim on behalf of msf um but we
are completely horrified of what happens
uh the situation in Gaza is a nightmare
if we take a bit of a step step back and
look at what is happening in the last
months you have hospitals being targeted
and literally bombed you have civilian
who are being bombed indiscriminately
and we can see the indiscriminate nature
of the bombing because it's full of
Hospital are full of children and women
uh you have humanitarian head that is
blocked we cannot bring humanitarian
head to the north of Gaza and now the
test event if you have seven
humanitarian head workers being
deliberately killed targeted by a
missile while on a convoy to try to
bring food to starving people uh in the
north of Gaza there is no war for what
is happening now no what's what is
happening we've heard now from the world
Central Kitchen that they're going to uh
be for now uh not working within that
region what kind of an impact is that
going to have on those people who so
desperately need the
food this is the whole problem of what
is happening now in Gaza humanitarian
actors are not allowed to work properly
and you know this incident this tragic
incident is not isolated us as msf we
had five people who has been killed in
msf Convoy or in msf premises so it's
not the first time that this tragic uh
incident is happening and we are all the
human actor are at the limits of the of
the working capacity and people are
being stared in the north of Gaza
because Israeli government refus food to
get inside Gaza and now you have the
same government that is targeting the
NGO that is one of the few actors that
is trying to to give food to the to the
to the north so it's it's a it's you
know all the elements of what happening
in the last months are clearly pointing
out to Serious war crimes so at some
point something has to be done um we we
we cannot work like this humanitarian
workers should always be protected this
is international law and this is a basic
of humanity and it seems that humanity
is being buried right now in Gaza and
and for several months already Leo thank
you very much for joining
us well the Israeli newspaper haret has
run with a story that it says are from
uh defense sources from the IDF which
say that the Drone which bombed those
World Central Kitchen Aid workers was
actually targeting uh an armed Hamas
member who wasn't there a little earlier
I spoke to haret journalist Gideon Levy
who told us more about the haret story
he told us what we published obviously
and I'm not sure they said he was armed
they called him a terrorist but I'm even
not sure he was armed and you know the
definition of terrorist is a very
flexible and elastic one and I don't
know who he was but nothing obviously
Justified this thing especially after
they did it three times and they even
moved those Aid workers after they were
attacked the first time they moved to
another car in order to save their lives
but nothing is good enough for the
Israeli Army and they shot them
dead um what I'm struggling to
understand is that you can very clearly
see the world Central Kitchen logos on
these cars and from what the defense
sources uh are telling heret
newspaper as you mentioned yourself they
attacked the cars with a drone and then
people exited the cars and they were
attacked
again look it's not an exceptional case
I understand that we are all very Stone
because they are
Internationals but those cases happened
so many times in this
war that's Gideon Levy there talking to
me from the Israeli newspaper haret